Updated to reflect latest functionality in the wizard including Test … (#4770)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/sit-edm-wizard.md

3. Fill in an appropriate **Name** and **Description**.

> 4. Choose **Ignore delimiters and punctuations for all schema fields** if you want to match content that may or may not have certain characters in it. To learn more about configuring EDM to ignore case or delimitere, see [Creating a custom sensitive information type with Exact Data Match (EDM) based classification](create-custom-sensitive-information-types-with-exact-data-match-based-classification.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Choose **Ignore delimiters and punctuations for all schema fields** if you want to match content that may or may not have certain characters in it. To learn more about configuring EDM to ignore case or delimiters, see [Creating a custom sensitive information type with Exact Data Match (EDM) based classification](create-custom-sensitive-information-types-with-exact-data-match-based-classification.md).
```

5. Fill in your desired values for your **Schema field #1** and add more fields as needed. 

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > At least one, but no more than five of your schema fields must be designated as searchable. Searchable fields are fields that will be used as primary elements for a pattern in your EDM sensitive info types, meaning that EDM will look for them in all locations in your content. Fields not designated as primary elements can be used as additioal evidence in the pattern, so when a match to a value in the searchable field is found, the other values in that same row will be compared with the text surrounding matched string to corroborate it is an actual match to the infromation you are looking for. Searchable fields can be used as primary elements in their own pattern and also as additional evidence in patterns tha tuse a different searchable field as primary element. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> At least one, but no more than five of your schema fields must be designated as searchable. Searchable fields are fields that will be used as primary elements for a pattern in your EDM sensitive info types, meaning that EDM will look for them in all locations in your content. Fields not designated as primary elements can be used as additional evidence in the pattern, so when a match to a value in the searchable field is found, the other values in that same row will be compared with the text surrounding the matched string to corroborate it is an actual match to the information you are looking for. Searchable fields can be used as primary elements in their own pattern and also as additional evidence in patterns that use a different searchable field as a primary element. 
```

> 6. Choose **save**. Your schema will now be available for defining an EDM Sensitive info type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Choose **save**. Your schema will now be available for defining an EDM sensitive info type.
```

## Use the exact data match sensitive information type pattern wizard

> 1. Under Exact Data Matches choose **EDM sensitive info types** and **Create EDM sensitive info type** to open the sensitive info type creation wizard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Under **Exact Data Matches**, choose **EDM sensitive info types** > **Create EDM sensitive info type** to open the sensitive info type creation wizard.
```

> 2. Choose **Choose an existing EDM schema** and choose the schema you created in steps 2-6 from the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select **Choose an existing EDM schema** and choose the schema you created in steps 2-6 from the list.
```

> 3. Choose **Next** and choose **Create pattern**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Choose **Next** > **Create pattern**.
```

4. Choose the **Confidence level** for this pattern. The confidence level you select is the one that will be assigned to the match when the content in the document meets the criteria you define next. To learn more about configuring a pattern, see [Create a custom sensitive information type in the Compliance Center](create-a-custom-sensitive-information-type.md).

5. Choose the **Primary element** from the list of columns in your schema. The primary element will be the column in the table that this pattern will be comparing content against anywhere in a document or email. 

> 6.  Choose the **Primary element's sensitive info type** to define what text in the document will be compared with all the values in the column you selected before. For example, if the column you selected contains your customers' social security numbers you can select the built-in U.S. Social Security Number sensitive info type from the list, which will cause EDM to look iinto content for any strings that look like social security numbers, and perform a comparison against all values in the relevant column in your sensitive information table until an exact match is found (minus the ignored delimiters you configured). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6.  Choose the **Primary element's sensitive info type** to define what text in the document will be compared with all the values in the column you selected before. For example, if the column you selected contains your customers' social security numbers you can select the built-in U.S. Social Security Number sensitive info type from the list, which will cause EDM to look into content for any strings that look like social security numbers, and perform a comparison against all values in the relevant column in your sensitive information table until an exact match is found (minus the ignored delimiters you configured). 
```

> 7.  If none of the built-in sensitive info types will match the data in the column you selected you will have to create a custom SIT that does. If you selected the Ignored Delimiters option for this column when defining your schema, make sure the custom SIT you create will match data with and without the selected delimiters. Also, avoid creating a custom SIT that would match too much unrelated text (e.g. one that uses a regular expression that matches any random words or string) since this can cause the system to temporariluy stop matching data. See [Sensitive Information Type Entity Definitions](sensitive-information-type-entity-definitions.md) to learn more about the available sensitive information types and [Get started with custom sensitive information types](create-a-custom-sensitive-information-type.md) to learn about creating a custom sensitive infromation type. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7.  If none of the built-in sensitive info types will match the data in the column you selected you will have to create a custom sensitive info type that does. If you selected the Ignored Delimiters option for this column when defining your schema, make sure the custom sensitive info type you create will match data with and without the selected delimiters. Also, avoid creating a custom sensitive info type that would match too much unrelated text (such as one that uses a regular expression that matches any random words or string) since this can cause the system to temporarily stop matching data. See [Sensitive information type entity definitions](sensitive-information-type-entity-definitions.md) to learn more about the available sensitive information types and [Get started with custom sensitive information types](create-a-custom-sensitive-information-type.md) to learn about creating a custom sensitive information type. 
```

8.  Choose one or more columns in your schema to be used as "Supporting elements" and whether all or some of the elements must be present to generate a match. When you select supporting elements, values for the selected columns in the same row as the primary element that was found must be found close to each other in the content. You can also select a minimum and maximum number of additional elements to require.

9. Choose **Done**.

> 10. Choose **Create pattern** if you want to creaet additional patterns for your EDM sensitive info type, otherwise choose **Next**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Choose **Create pattern** if you want to create additional patterns for your EDM sensitive info type, otherwise choose **Next**.
```

11. Choose your desired **Confidence level and character proximity**. This will be the default value for the whole EDM sensitive info type.

12. Choose **Next** and fill in a **Name** and **Description for admins**. Choose **Next**.

> 13. Review and choose **Submit** to confirm the creation of your EDM Sensitive Info Type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
13. Review and choose **Submit** to confirm the creation of your EDM sensitive info type.
```

You can delete or edit the sensitive information type pattern by selecting it which surfaces the edit and delete controls.

> After creating an EDM sensitive information type and verifying that your sensitive information table has correctly been uploaded, you can test that it's working properly by selecting the EDM sensitive info type and selecting the Test option on the pane that appears on the right. You will be asked to submit a document that contains data you want to try to detect, and after the file has been uploaded and scanned you will see if there were matches to any of the patterns defined in your EDM type. If you don't find any matches, try the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After creating an EDM sensitive information type and verifying that your sensitive information table has correctly been uploaded, you can test that it's working properly by selecting the EDM sensitive info type and selecting the **Test** option on the pane that appears on the right. You will be asked to submit a document that contains data you want to try to detect, and after the file has been uploaded and scanned you will see if there were matches to any of the patterns defined in your EDM type. If you don't find any matches, try the following:
```

> - Confirm that your sensitive data was uploaded correctly using the commands explained in [the guidance for uploading your sensitive data using the EDM tool](links-to-edm-upload-agent-by-subscription-type.md).

Reviewer: Please confirm that this link is correct. When selecting it, I get a 404 error.

Author: @JohanFreelancer9 
Apologies, not too skilled with editing in Github. The correct link is: 
create-custom-sensitive-information-types-with-exact-data-match-based-classification.md#links-to-edm-upload-agent-by-subscription-type
But since I don't know how to make this edit without interfering with your edits (do I need to create a separate pull request? I just don't want to add more work for you unnecessarily) maybe you can just change the URL directly?

Reviewer: @Esaggese - thank you for committing my suggested changes. Please feel free to edit the link. It is no problem at all.

> - Confirm that your sensitive data was uploaded correctly using the commands explained in [the guidance for uploading your sensitive data using the EDM tool](links-to-edm-upload-agent-by-subscription-type.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Confirm that your sensitive data was uploaded correctly using the commands explained in [the guidance for uploading your sensitive data using the EDM tool](create-custom-sensitive-information-types-with-exact-data-match-based-classification.md).
```

- Check that the information you entered in the document is present in your sensitive information table. 

> - Verify that the sensitive informaiton you entered in the document matches the format, including any delimiters not selected to be ignored when you defined your schema, that you entered in your table. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Verify that the sensitive information you entered in the document matches the format, including any delimiters not selected to be ignored when you defined your schema, that you entered in your table. 
```

> - Check that the sensitive info type you selected when configuring your primary element is able to match the content you entered in the document, including any delimiters present, regardless of the Ignored delimiters option selected for the EDM typoe. You can confirm this by separately using the Test feature on the sensitive info type you selected for your primary element in the EDM type. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check that the sensitive info type you selected when configuring your primary element is able to match the content you entered in the document, including any delimiters present, regardless of the **Ignored** delimiters option selected for the EDM type. You can confirm this by separately using the **Test** feature on the sensitive info type you selected for your primary element in the EDM type. 
```
